ashley kline right now if I call right
there Carlile X right now oh my god I'm
nervous what white wash a car at night 8
12 come on guy nice is ringing if losing
stupid voice Romelu so stupid what's up
Alex Stevie Here I am in dallas texas
o Lord you know you have a crush on
somebody I have this like huge crush on
her right now I know it's like dangerous
to be like fantasizing about getting
married to her when like we haven't
really got out yet and stuff yeah you
should really talk to me that the same
camera it's such a great idea that's the
thing no just do it no what you need to
get under one to get over one you need
to get laid my friend seems like she'd
come around it was like ready for
something well anyways everything else
going yeah well what's up why did you
told she'd suddenly
I don't think I can get on the story
what am I going to say oh love yeah well
I'm crazy in love with you
making her happy makes me feel good but
I just i know im gonna fail
you're saying that the question you're
facing is are you just fucked up
Oh
you